[#172494831] Wrap operations with default parameters (alternative) (#181)
pagopa/io-utils: README.md

Note: the generated models requires the runtime dependency `italia-ts-commons`.

### Usage

```sh
$ gen-api-models --help
Options:
  --version               Show version number                          [boolean]
  --api-spec              Path to input OpenAPI spec file    [string] [required]
  --strict                Generate strict interfaces (default: true)
                                                                 [default: true]
  --out-dir               Output directory to store generated definition files
                                                             [string] [required]
  --ts-spec-file          If defined, converts the OpenAPI specs to TypeScript
                          source and writes it to this file             [string]
  --request-types         Generate request types (experimental, default: false)
                                                                [default: false]
  --response-decoders     Generate response decoders (experimental, default:
                          false, implies --request-types)       [default: false]
  --client                Generate request client SDK           [default: false]

>   --default-success-type  Default type for success responses (experimental,

Reviewer: what's the meaning of 'experimental' in this context, that it shouldn't be used?

done
```

### Generated client
The http client is defined in `client.ts` module file. It exports the following:
* a type `Client<K>` which define the set of operations

> * * `K` a union of keys that represent the parameters omitted by the operations (see `transformEach` below)

Reviewer: there are still some references to transformEach here and there

> * * `K` a union of keys that represent the parameters omitted by the operations (see `transformEach` below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* * `K` a union of parameter names whose values are set by default and shared by the API calls (see `withDefaults` below)
```
